lopes, my name is André.
I came here just to show the notebook the
Your condition is for you, it's not my notebook.
for some time already used in the
office
It's as you can see the cover is.
a risk has some little details that only
you can not even realize the right land
in perfect condition
the keyboard has no stain of use
none of the keys are perfect
It's just what I said with you. It's already the
his battery is to avoid identifying the
battery that does the
What is already already a problem?
you can check the user on the
free market is already vanish there already have
at least 34 years neven much
and it's already so it was actually formatted
now the notebook did memory test
even from hd
everything is round the only question that
this battery issue remains open
Afternoon rest, you guys are carefree.
that you will get a great notebook
the super legal purchase 4gb ddr3 is one
core i3 2.4 gigahertz
his nuclei like I said everything
Working perfectly
it already comes with webcam usb outputs on
side is there are two more stuffing outlets
the two series on the other side and
network
is it folks who want can
send a direct contact there in the
andré donegá de omega-3 look dot com
that we take the rate of the ml there is
That's what I'm waiting for before
you connected even more